# CS340

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
To write programs in the best way possible, you first have to put yourself in the users shoes to identify what functions you wuld want as a user. Break the program up into phases to complete so it is more manageable, use easy to read/understandable, clear variable names and function/class names, place your comments at places that, if someone who didnt know code was reading your code, if they read your comment they would understand the function of your code. The usage of extensions also helps when wiriting code, as we have AI now to add tips, auto fill in, and help test your code especially. Regarding the CRUD module, this module can be used for many things in the future, pretty much any program that needs a read, update, or delete function(s). The code can be imported completely, or snippets can be used as a reference when writing a similar but not totally similar program.


How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
Approaching a problem as a computer scientist can be extremely frustrating and can make you go "AHHHHH". Did this today actually. Luckily, computer science is solely an online thing, which means there are countless, thousands of forums, groups, and organizations that are available to help you with your code, resolving an issue, etc. I encountered a problem today at work, where I had to update a components testing code since the component was changed 
a while ago, and the testing code now failed because it needs updated to match the components code (im bad at explaning things). Anyways, there was a key that I later discovered was not even in use aqnd therefore irrelevant, but I did not know this before. I first tested the code to see why it was failing by using both try/exception and if/else. That did not work. I then tried reworking the code completely, that did not work. Nothing I did seemed to work, so I turned to an online forum I know to help me with it. Of course, everything they did (pretty much the same things I did) did not work either, because that key is no longer in use. After finally going to my manager and saying "Hey, im at a loss", he showed me how to inspect the code on the user side and that is how we discovered that the key is no longer in use. I approached this project in the same way, took it slowly, tested my code, and wrote comments so that I couold remember why all my sections were relevant. 

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists write programs for hardware in extremely short terms. There work is important because without it, computers would not be able to work, and thus we wouldnt have all the jobs we have now. They even help by writing programs for nuclear pow4er plants, thats how high valuable it can get. My work on this project would save a company hours of time and therefore money by searching and organizing their subject for them in the span of seconds. It takes a lot of time to manually research/find every single breed that is easily trainable online, and to save that information can be hard as well. 
